wk01 
Group was formed. Project 1 was most preferable with the group, but I was not confident in being able to deliver as much so
we settled for project 3, creating a website for property rentals. We created a google doc and began listing out our ideas, 
positives and negatives of current websites created for renting properties to prepare for our proposal as wel as the main 
components that we need to work on for the website's functionailty.

wk02
We had a group meeting and discussed important user stories, the depth of the project, what language we were going to code in
and refined our focus and aim. We decided to change our focus to student accomodations and build a community to help them share
flats. We looked at competing competitors and discussed about the advantages and disadvantages of each system. We set roles
for each person for the proposal and made a deadline to have everyone finish their parts by next week.

wk03
We all managed to get our parts of the proposal done. I helped out with the epic stories as well as writing up the background.
We all collaborated our work through Google Doc so that we could all work together simultaneously. Once finalised we decided to
have another group meeting to talk about our sprints and what we were going to get done by the next week. It was confirmed to
get a base for the backend and have a bit of the frontend done, with testing done throughout.

wk04
With our proposal done, we begun to focus on the software side for our project. We were told we needed to get the interface
within the next two weeks, so we split our roles between group members. During our group meeting, we created a uml class
diagram to give us an overview of the main components of our system needed to give it some functionality. Zainab was going to 
work on the interface and create a base for the front end, while William, Jason and I were to work on the backend.

wk05
I added getters and setter methods as well as basic methods required for functioning. I encountered problems with compiling
due to many errors and spent the week trying to fix the problem

wk06
We had a group meeting to update each other on what was happening. William and I merged what we had together to the master branch
and continued to debug and add on to the code. Zainab and Jason continued to work on the frontend for the interface. We all
brainstormed on how the home page should look and talked about error and exception handling.
